what is up everybody in supercar copter
with another episode of WWE supercard
and i just wanted to say and give a
quick shout-out to jb thank you so much
for streaming last night it was awesome
towards the end I don't know what the
hell happened but my internet just like
crashed so I would look there's a new
road to glory let's jump in um yeah like
my thing just completely crashed and I
couldn't get back on for a while so I
just want to sleep I said forget it Oh
game a tip higher rarity cards give more
experience when used to train a player
card Pro cards will also give more
experience than their non pro
counterparts thank you alright so I've
just been taking my time because of the
fact that I have been busy all freaking
day I'm so exhausted I can't wait to
sleep I'm taking my time on this this is
only day one and I'm already like about
halfway through Chris Jericho so I
should have plenty of time I did notice
that it's kind of getting a little bit
harder for me like I'm already needing
our Marty's starting to kind of not so
much scout but I am looking at my
opponent opponents now for my plus tens
instead of just hitting him randomly cuz
i've only had one match that kind of
came close it was weird they had like
all the pros it was was really weird but
i haven't run into another one like that
yet so I was assuming it was just the
luck of the draw really so yeah um
anyways so here's the King of the Ring I
kind of kind of played around some peeps
we've got me some bad news it's gonna
take picture thats cuz it's beautiful
with the new resume occurred
alright so pretty much um this one was
pretty easy it was just a bought the
whole time as you can see but but but so
I even need to use supports for that one
this one I was ready for the first game
but like i said i was really busy so of
course i will potatoes him there then i
wasn't i was busy at work couldn't get
to it so he won that one and then I said
oh I'm afraid I've got my some bad news
once again and I will potato at him so
this next dude at the top he didn't
really have anything 22 crazy he had the
main cards but I had the tag that could
beat him and if his diva came out if she
would have given me problems like that
as you can see you on that one because
once again I was at work so I can get to
it so he beat me on that one because
it's fully powered all boost on and then
I was like oh I'm afraid I've got me
some bad news i'm here completely will
potatoes him then i said i still have
made some bad news cuz i'm still here
and then we'll potatoes him again so
with that being said congrats to i guess
his name's guar for making it to the
finals with me good game bro let's claim
the rewards we get one WrestleMania one
survivor card hopefully it's a pro that
would be awesome but I mean I barely
have any WrestleMania cards so I'm
assuming it's not going to be a pro but
if it is that be cool and same with the
survivor card let's see we get oh nice
Razor I really wanted that card so I'm
happy with that I'm completely fine with
that for sure and fusion food cool those
rewards aren't that bad so I can dig it
for sure so right now on
RTG I am at a hundred so we are going to
finish him pretty quickly I'll be
finishing him for sure tonight I'm
hoping to at least what times is 1030pm
for me right now I'm hoping to at least
get past half of the first Daniel Bryan
and then I will go into the next day and
O'Brien for sure and then go from there
so that is all from today's episode also
one thing that I did forget to mention
last video special shout-out to
notorious see and why go check out his
channel on YouTube he's a fresh starter
he's amazing he's funny he's hilarious
so go check him out also shout outs to
freakin um rare sparks and also zach
something i forgot your other initials
for pretty much helping team Barry Emily
and pretty much finishing her off not in
the Gateway but in the good way and we
completely buried her / him because
basically she was just a scam so sorry
Emily once you fuck with the bros you
fuck yourself over especially with
frickin team Brothers of Destruction AKA
team the dude and bam bam because we
rule shit and we kill shit shot us to
supercard edward as well but JB stream
is just crazy I don't know if you can
really get the gist of everything that's
going on I'm pretty sure you can if you
go watch his RTG stream that he puts it
up there but it's pretty crazy how
everything worked out but all we know is
we have our good friend des bread is
back I love you homie glad you saw the
future glad your eyes are open now in
your back to being the des we all love
so that
rent enough of me as always thank you so
much for watching my shiznit go check
out everybody in the description below
and also shout out to kenneth night just
because i want to so yeah but until next
time biggie dude you're always welcome
to close out and what do we like to tell
our audience we like to tell him to stay
till next time guys peace I'm out of
here